BONUS CHALLENGE FORM
--------------------

For each bonus challenge you have implemented, please replace the sentence "We are not entitled to this bonus."
with a short description of:

1. How it was implemented in your code
2. Where it was used (in which class methods).
3. How you tested that it is working correctly.

--------------------

1. Fully supporting all configuration fields and avoiding the use of magic numbers

1. we used env.config every place where wh needed to use configurable values.
2. it was used in various locations in the code, in all classes: player, dealer and table.
3. in order to test it, we tried to change the numbers in the config file and to see if anything changes in the game, as expected.

--------------------

2. Terminating all threads (that you created) gracefully and in reverse order to the order they were created in.

1. first, we started the dealer thread. then, we initialized an array of the players threads, then started them in ascending order of ids,
 and finally in the dealer Terminate method, we called the player Terminate method in the opposite order.
 for each player: we started the playerthread and then the aithread, and in Terminate method we ended them 
 in the opposite order.
 then we ended the dealer thread.
 2. in the classes of dealer and player.
 3. in order to test it, we checked if the players threads were still running,
 and did aswell for the dealer thread. (used system prints)

--------------------

3. Handling the config.turnTimeoutMillis value as follows:
config.turnTimeoutMillis < 0: display nothing.
config.turnTimeoutMillis = 0: display a timer since the last action (reshuffle or set collected).
Note: in modes without a countdown timer the dealer must ensure there is always at least one legal set on the table.

We are not entitled to this bonus.

--------------------

4. Making sure that the threads do not wake up unless some actual job needs to be done (e.g., a value needs to be
changed on the display, key input needs to be handled, etc.) and the only threads created by you are:
1 thread per player + 1 additional thread for non-human players.

We are not entitled to this bonus.
